Hey,
guys,
Welcome back on this video.
We're going to see how we can connect to an access database and create a pivot table out of
the data in the access database.
So let's say we have an access database year.
I'm just gonna double click on it and open it,
and it's got some data.
So here we've got a table that's called Data,
and it's got our data as usual.
And let's say you want to connect to this access database and create a pivot table out of
it so we can go in a workbook,
actually,
and we can go to the data tab on the ribbon here and click on from Access and then go to
the death stop here and then choose our access database and click open here and now we're
gonna be given the option to create either a table,
just a normal Excel table or a pivot table or pivot charts or only create a connection.
We're going to choose pivot table here,
and you can choose the cell that you want to insert the pivot table on and do not check
this check box here,
which is at this data to the day tomato,
Because this way,
you be working with power pivot.
And that's a totally different story.
Totally different course.
So do not check this check box and then click.
OK,
here and now we have inserted a pivot table based on your data and weaken.
Start creating our pivot table here.
So I'm gonna put the product name on the rose section and put the sales amount,
for example,
in the submission value section.
And now I've created a pivot table based on my data in the access database.
And whenever the data and the access database cuts updated,
I can update this pivot table or refresh it by right clicking and then clicking on refresh
,
and it will update the values in my pivot table.
OK,
so this is how you can link a pivot table to an access database.
Thanks,
guys watching.
I'll see you on the next one